README.md, before:

# QuotesMultijourney

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Read me file instructions for setting the project and running on local development server.

README.md, after:

# QuotesMultijourney

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.2.4.

## Code setup for development environment

#### 1. Code Repository Url
Clone the code from `https://github.com/ashokmahla/QuotesMultijourney`.

#### 2. Install dependencies
Run `npm run-script clean:install` command for resolving the dependencies.

## Run Development Server

Run `npm start` from command prompt for a dev server.The app will automatically load on URL `http://localhost:9020/`.The app reload if you change any of the source files.

## Building Application

#### 1. Clean build for development server
Run `npm run-script build:dev` from command prompt for a development server clean build which first remove the **dist** folder if exists or create a new one if not exists.

#### 2. Clean build for production server
Run `npm run-script build:prod` from command prompt for a production server clean build which first remove the **dist** folder if exists or create a new one if not exists.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.
